

https://glaabuja.org/#

Refreshing Worship
We create a space where our congregation can come together to connect with God, strengthen their faith, and find spiritual renewal and inspiration. It's a central aspect of Christian
community life and practice.
Follo
Word by Revelation
The Word helps you deepen your understanding of the Bible and its teachings. It provides spiritual nourishment, guidance, and
a sense of community among church members.
A
Believers' Community
We believe regular fellowship and worship within a Christian community are important for mutual edification, encouragement, and spiritual growth.
The Kingdom Seeds
Our involvement of children in church helps to nurture their spiritual development, teach them about their faith, and foster a sense of belonging and community.






Powerful & Impactful Services
Events & Programmes
We make it easy for attendees to connect intimately with God using contemporary worship music, reflect on His person and nature using other artistic and creative art forms; and challenge them to make deliberate behavioral and character change with a Bible-based teaching format giving them principles they can readily apply
Programmes



It's the Lord's Doing
Testimonies
Testimonies contribute to the spiritual growth and edification of believers, fostering a deeper sense of faith, unity, and connection among members. We celebrate God's work in individuals' lives because it provides valuable lessons and inspiration to the entire congregation.
God has been good to me and my family. He met us at the point of our needs in the most trying moments of our lives. We have come to return the glory to JESUS. To Him alone be the glory!
Adacha
God has been good to me and my family. He met us at the point of our needs in the most trying moments of our lives. We have come to return the glory to JESUS. To Him alone be the glory!
Favour
God has been good to r and my family. He met the point of our needs most trying moments lives. We have come to the glory to JESUS. To alone be the glory!
Peter
Spiritual
Meet Our Pastors




Connect With Us
https://glaabuja.org/#
Let's Study, Pray & Grow Togther In Faith. Shall We?
We would love to hear from you. Let us know how we can be of help to your spiritual and all-round growth
Contact Us
Your Name
Your Email
رہی
Have Any Question?
+2348034662382
K
Send Email
info@glaabuja.org
Address
Mulberry Event Center behind NTA/Startimes Garki 2, By FCDA office Area 11, 900271, Abuja,
Your Phone
Message here ...
Submit Now...